# Tagged-Syllabus-Generator
Code for a tagged syllabus (CSU accessibility compliant) generating script.

## Purpose
This script was designed specifically for generating academic syllabi that are ADA compliant (i.e., tagged and screen-reader friendly). It will take a basic markdown file (currently only with extention ".md") and convert it into an .html file (including valid headers). I know there are a ton of these out there, but I wanted to make both the script and the resulting .html as small as possible. See below for what markdown is supported.

Currently the default is a dark background with white text, but I hope to make that a user option in the future.

## Supported Markdown
Currently this script will convert
* \*italics\* or \_italics\_, \*\*bold\*\* or \_\_bold\_\_, and \-\-strikethrough\-\-. 
* Both ordered lists (any digit followed by a '.') and unordered lists (using any combination of \*, \-, or \+ ) in any combination of nesting up to any level. 
* Basic tables (with or without a header row) are also supported.
* Anything following an un-escaped percent sign will be treated as a comment (up to the end of the line).
* Finally, the script will automatically insert the 'mathjax.js' code if any LaTeX-style math modes are detected in the document; you can delimit math mode with either un-escaped dollar signs, or with \\( \\), \\[ \\]. Literal dollar signs and percents can be included by escaping them with a backslash '\\' character.

The included sample 'Syllabus-Template.md' illustrates the appropriate syntax and range of available features; 'Syllabus-Template.html' is an sample of the output generated by this script (note that 'mathjax.js' is included in the sample because 'Syllabus-Template.md' contains math mode delimiters).

## How-To
When you run the script, an 'Open File' dialog box should appear. (Currently an error message will display if you choose a file with any extension aside from '.md'.) Once an appropriate markdown file is selected the scrip will run, generating an .html file with the same base filename as the input markdown file in the same originating folder. That's it!
